README.md, before:

# Building an API with Firebase (WIP)

## Local

`npm run serve` from the *functions* folder.

[Firebase Emulator Suite](http://127.0.0.1:4000/)

[Homepage](http://127.0.0.1:5001/character-manager-825d7/us-central1/app)

**READ: read all**

`https://127.0.0.1:5001/character-manager-825d7/us-central1/app/api/read`

**READ: read item**

`https://127.0.0.1:5001/character-manager-825d7/us-central1/app/api/read/:{index}`

**POST: create**

`https://127.0.0.1:5001/character-manager-825d7/us-central1/app/api/create`

**UPDATE**

`https://127.0.0.1:5001/character-manager-825d7/us-central1/app/api/update/:{index}`

**DELETE**

`https://127.0.0.1:5001/character-manager-825d7/us-central1/app/api/delete/:{index}`

## Deploy

`npm run deploy` from the *functions* folder.

## Online

[Homepage](https://us-central1-character-manager-825d7.cloudfunctions.net/app)

**READ: read all**

`https://us-central1-character-manager-825d7.cloudfunctions.net/app/api/read`

**READ: read item**

`https://us-central1-character-manager-825d7.cloudfunctions.net/app/api/read/:{index}`

**POST: create**

`https://us-central1-character-manager-825d7.cloudfunctions.net/app/api/create`

**UPDATE**

`https://us-central1-character-manager-825d7.cloudfunctions.net/app/api/update/:{index}`

**DELETE**

`https://us-central1-character-manager-825d7.cloudfunctions.net/app/api/delete/:{index}`


## Useful links

- [Building an API with Firebase](https://medium.com/@andrew_evans/building-an-api-with-firebase-6ec9623eae3)
- [how-to-build-a-firebase-api](https://github.com/andrewevans0102/how-to-build-a-firebase-api)
- []()
- []()
- []()

Commit message:

new collection data ok + front part

README.md, after:

# Building an API with Firebase (WIP)

## Local

`npm run serve` from the *functions* folder.

[Firebase Emulator Suite](http://127.0.0.1:4000/)

[Homepage](http://127.0.0.1:5001/character-manager-825d7/us-central1/app)

**READ: read all**

`https://127.0.0.1:5001/character-manager-825d7/us-central1/app/api/read`

**READ: read item**

`https://127.0.0.1:5001/character-manager-825d7/us-central1/app/api/read/:{index}`

**POST: create**

`https://127.0.0.1:5001/character-manager-825d7/us-central1/app/api/create`

**UPDATE**

`https://127.0.0.1:5001/character-manager-825d7/us-central1/app/api/update/:{index}`

**DELETE**

`https://127.0.0.1:5001/character-manager-825d7/us-central1/app/api/delete/:{index}`

## Deploy

`npm run deploy` from the *functions* folder.

## Online

[Homepage](https://us-central1-character-manager-825d7.cloudfunctions.net/app)

**READ: read all**

`https://us-central1-character-manager-825d7.cloudfunctions.net/app/api/read`

**READ: read item**

`https://us-central1-character-manager-825d7.cloudfunctions.net/app/api/read/:{index}`

**POST: create**

`https://us-central1-character-manager-825d7.cloudfunctions.net/app/api/create`

**UPDATE**

`https://us-central1-character-manager-825d7.cloudfunctions.net/app/api/update/:{index}`

**DELETE**

`https://us-central1-character-manager-825d7.cloudfunctions.net/app/api/delete/:{index}`


## Useful links

- [Building an API with Firebase](https://medium.com/@andrew_evans/building-an-api-with-firebase-6ec9623eae3)
- [how-to-build-a-firebase-api](https://github.com/andrewevans0102/how-to-build-a-firebase-api)
- [Add data to Cloud Firestore](https://firebase.google.com/docs/firestore/manage-data/add-data)
- [Upload Files on Web](https://firebase.google.com/docs/storage/web/upload-files)
- [Download Files on Web](https://firebase.google.com/docs/storage/web/download-files)
